Adds new section that better explains ESM context and TypeScript exports (#2484)
fastify/fastify: docs/TypeScript.md

  ```bash
  npx typescript --init
  ```

>   or use one of the [recommanded ones](https://github.com/tsconfig/bases#node-10-tsconfigjson). 

Reviewer: `recommended`

  }
  
  module.exports = fp(myPlugin, {
    fastify: '3.x',

>     name: 'my-plugin' // this is used by fastify-plugin to derive variable name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    name: 'my-plugin' // this is used by fastify-plugin to derive the property name
```

  })
  ```
5. Open `index.d.ts` and add the following code:
  ```typescript
  import { FastifyPlugin } from 'fastify'

  interface PluginOptions {
    //...
  }

  // Optionally, you can add any additional exports

>   // here we are exporting the decorator we added

Reviewer: If this is intended to be a separate sentence, might make sense to capitalize first letter for consistency, and maybe add dot into previous one
